---
title: "Kent Ridge Hall"
chapter: "After Acceptance"
subchapter: "Halls"
section: "05"
---

# Kent Ridge Hall

### Location:

Across NUS Business School (~3 mins walk)

### Duration:

Entitled to 1 year of stay, if you want to extend your stay, you should gather points by joining CCAs and take leadership roles in committees

### Culture/Focus:

KR is a culture hall, so it's known for its dance and music groups. However, one CCA that separates KR from the rest is “Steppers” - its famed Cheerleading team that has won several international competitions. (\*note: Joining Steppers will give you the most points among other CCAs, but it’s competitive, and they will really toughen you up with practices until 3AM!)

### CCAs/Interest Groups

1. Culture (Acapella, Choir, Dance, Rockers, Inspire, KRemix)
2. Sports (Badminton, Basketball, Floorball, Frisbee, Handball, Netball, Road Relay, Soccer, Softball, Squash, Steppers, Swimming, Table Tennis, Takraw, Tennis, Tough Rugby, Track, Volleyball)
3. Committee (Alumni Relations, 40th Anniversary, Kent Ridge Enterprise, Hall Annual Magazine, Environmental, Flag, Freshmen Welcome Orientation Camp, External Events, Hall Promotion Board, Heritage, Kent Ridge Volunteers, KRaphics, Photo, KReporters, Safety, Social Relations, Sports Management, Technical Support, Video Production, Welfare, Youth Expedition Programme, Friends of KRV, Block Committee, Election Committee, Sports, Finance, IT, JC Outreach, Merit Allocation Board, Points Allocation Board, RAG)

### Events:

1. July: Freshmen Welcome Orientation Camp
2. August: Flag, RAG, Inter-block Games, KR BFF Night, Bash, Star 2 Burst
3. September: Dinner & Dance, TGIO Inter-block Games
4. October: Culture Night, Movie Night
5. November: Night Cycling
6. January: Inter-hall Games
7. February: Hall Production, Blood Donation
8. March: TGIO Inter-hall Games, KR Day, Amplitude
9. April: Dance Uncensored, Command
10. May: Camp Blue Blood

### Dining Experience:

Breakfast

- Served from 7.00 AM - 10.00 AM, every Mon-Sat
- Meal Options: Choose 1 from Stir-fried staple with a side dish, Western/Local delight, Grab&Go selection (Sandwich or puff), Cereal with milk and fruit, Dim Sum or Pau
- Free flow: Fresh toast (White and wholemeal bread) with spreads, freshly brewed coffee, tea and soyabean milk/hot chocolate

Dinner

- Served from 5.30 PM - 9.00PM, every Mon-Fri, Sun
- Meal Options: Choose 2 out of 4 meat selections, 2 out of 5 side dish and vegetables
- Special menu: A western meal or local delight (ex: Laksa, mala, Japanese curry katsudon, mac and cheese with grilled chicken) served every Tues and Thurs
- Free flow: Soup, dessert/fruit, cordial drink

Muslim and Vegetarian

### Tips for Dining at Hall:

1. Want an extra meal? Fret not! Simply ask in your block group chat for an extra matric number! Or, you can also wait up to 9PM and be entitled to get another meal yourself with your matric card \*(note: unlike the residential colleges, halls do not allow you to keep your meal credits and reuse them another time)
2. Want larger meal portions? Quietest on Friday and Sunday nights, since most Singaporeans will go back to their homes to eat, or eat out. So usually on these nights, they will serve larger portions of dinner. Or, if you’re lucky, can simply ask the meal servers to give you an extra scoop of food.
3. People in the block may come out with trumpets and go on knocking on every door to call you for dinner, watch out! (yes, hall is really rowdy you see), but I guess this is how they maintain their closely-knit “family” vibe with one another.

### Welfare:

1. Recess week and reading week (before midterms and exams): Check out for your block lifts, they will sneak in some goodies in a basket!
2. You will be greeted by a welfare pack on your first days at KR and also a welcome gift after coming back from a semester.
3. Along the semester, KR Welfare will treat you to surprise welfare like mala, prata, acai, hotpot… KEEP A LOOKOUT!

### People/Community:

1. There will never be a peaceful day at hall. Either it is your block event or dinner gathering, someone will jio (“invite”) you for supper or go out for drinks/clubs. Or some people may just gather in rooms and chit-chat or grind for exams together. (\*note: it is a hall culture to leave your doors open or unlatched, because we are a very open and family-like community)
2. More than other halls, KR is known for being the most rabak (“lively”), they are a very vibrant and rowdy community. Expect to still hear voices at 3AM in the morning. Sometimes, it can be pretty exhausting to keep up, but if you’re the rowdy type as well, then KR will be a great family for you.

### Specific Amenities:

1. Lounge (in each block) to relax with your block mates, with air-conditioning, TV, entertainment
2. Kitchen (in each block, with 4 electric stoves, 2 refrigerators, sink, microwave, oven), pantry (in each alternate floor)
3. Multi-purpose Hall (can fit up to 450 people, fully air-conditioned, mainly used for CCAs)
4. SCRC Meeting Room (can fit up to 20 people, sometimes used for classes)
5. Gymnasium (can fit 15 people, from bench press to dumbbells, all equipment is there)
6. Laundry Rooms (coin washing machines and free dryers)
7. Roof-top Terrace (benches and open air, great for BBQ and chilling with your block mates!)

### So, Why KR? And Why NOT KR?

1. WHY KR: If you are someone who wants to get a taste of hall life, enjoys being active with many CCAs (people here join up to 5 or more!), sleeps late and don’t mind people being rowdy or socializing till late nights, then by all means, go for KR.
2. WHY NOT KR: If you are someone who wants to get a more peaceful, toned down and intellectually-driven community, you may want to consider residential colleges instead.

If you just want to focus on studying in university and like having your alone time, then PGPR may be the better place for you. Also, if you’re into sports, go check out Eusoff or Temasek Hall. Sheares Hall has a somewhat similar culture to KR, so you may want to consider that as an option as well!

For more information regarding Kent Ridge Hall, please visit http://nus.edu.sg/osa/kentridgehall
