---
title: "Tembusu College"
chapter: "After Acceptance"
subchapter: "Residential Colleges"
section: "09"
---

# Tembusu College “Home of Possibilities”

### Location:

NUS University Town (near Education Resource Center and besides Cinnamon College)

### Duration:

1. 8-10 minutes walk to University Town internal bus stop
2. 8-10 minutes walk to the nearest external bus stop

### Culture/Focus:

Tembusu College’s motto The Home of Possibilities, means we value the development of each individual according to her or his own path through life. At the same time we are a learning community, which seeks to give students an intense experience in a nurturing environment. (courtesy of Tembusu’s official website)
For more information about Tembusu culture, visit https://tembusu.nus.edu.sg/college-life
For more information about the modules, visit https://tembusu.nus.edu.sg/education

### CCAs/Interest Groups:

1. Tembusu Arts Council (performing arts)
2. tArt (painting)
3. Curios Magazine
4. Tembusu Debate Society
5. Filmbusu
6. Slate (theatrical production)
7. tGuitar
8. Transposition (instruments playing)
9. Treblemakers (choir)
10. T.C.W. (dance)
11. Ukulele Beats
12. tWord (poetry and creative writing)
13. Yarn & Doodles (craft)
14. Tembusu Barefoots (frisbee)
15. tBalls (dodgeball)
16. Tembusu Bladers (rollerblading)
17. Bolt & Pace (running)
18. tBoxing
19. tCali (calisthenics)
20. Tembusu Captain’s Ball
21. Tembusu Floorball
22. Tembusu Netball
23. Tembusu Rock Climbing Club
24. Tembusu Men’s Soccer
25. Tembusu Women’s Soccer
26. Tembusu Shuttles (badminton)
27. tSquash
28. Stretch & Tone (pilates)
29. Tembusu Table Tennis
30. Tembusu Tennis
31. Tchoukball
32. Tembusu Touch Rugby
33. Tembusu Volleyball
34. T-OWLS: Tembusu On Wheels (Lepak & Supper) (night cycling)
35. Adestes Fideles (Catholic community)
36. Tembusu Christian Fellowship
37. T.A.L.L (Tembusu Animal Lovers’ League)
38. Green T Movement (sustainability club)
39. tFreedom (LGBTQIA+ club)
40. Treehouse - Tembusu’s Online Student Journal
41. and more
42. tCoders (programming)
43. Tembusu Coffeehouse
44. IG2 (strategic board games: mahjong, chess, contract bridge, etc.)
45. tKaraoke
46. Polity (public policy and current affairs)
47. tRecess (relaxation)
48. Strategos (financial knowledge)
49. Tembusu Tabletops (board and card games)
50. Urban Gardeners
51. tStudios (photography, videography, design)
52. and more

### Events:

1. Formal Dinner
2. House Events
3. Floor Events
4. Orientation Week
5. Tembusu Forum
6. Master’s Tea
7. Fellow’s Tea
8. Student’s Tea
9. Inter College Games (ICG)
10. Tembusu House Games (THG)

### Houses:

Every student staying at Tembusu will be allocated to a house, which will also determine the floor the student will stay at. Houses in Tembusu are:

1. Shan (4th-7th floor)
2. Ora (8th-11th floor)
3. Gaja (12th-14th floor)
4. Tancho (15th-18th floor)
5. Ponya (19th-21st floor)

### Dining Experience:

1. Dining Hall, shared with Cinnamon College (USP)
2. Subscribed meal credit, additional pay and compulsory
3. Breakfast provided Monday-Saturday
4. Dinner provided Monday-Friday and Sunday
5. Lunch not provided
6. Maximum three taps for every meal

### Specific Amenities:

1. Seminar rooms (usually for lessons, can be booked)
2. Reading room (can be booked)
3. Games room (can be booked)
4. Music room (can be booked)
5. Multi-purpose sports hall (can be booked)
6. Common Lounge (with snack corner, tv, and piano)
7. Theme rooms (usually for CCAs, can be booked)
8. Lounge at every level
9. Pantry at every house (6th, 9th, 13th, 17th, 20th floor)
10. 2 laundry rooms (9th and 17th floor)
11. Tembusu Management Office
12. Tembusu Staffs Office
13. Dining Hall (shared with Cinnamon College)
14. Lift

### Why choose Tembusu?

1. Strategic location, located in the heart of UTown
1. Residential college with the most variety of IGs and CCAs
1. A lot of facilities
1. Experience residential college life
1. 2 years of stay guaranteed with no commitments needed
1. The oldest and most well-known residential college
1. Modules are more philosophical, which may be interesting to some students
1. Diverse and inclusive community
1. A lot of opportunities to learn and grow

### Why NOT choose Tembusu?

1. Modules are more philosophical, which some students may not prefer
2. More expensive because of the location (UTown)
3. Air conditioner fee is not included in hostel fee, and not all rooms have air conditioner
4. UTown modules heavily emphasize on writing essays, might be challenging for students who are not used to academic writing
5. Hardest residential college to get in due to the high competition

For more information on Tembusu College please visit https://tembusu.nus.edu.sg/

_Special thanks to Iona Tanan for helping out with the content!_
